you
if I could tell you the secret of
horsemanship the secret of all Archer
the supreme secret if I can tell you
what it is in one sentence it would be
being able to show a horse how and when
and where to place his feet this is this
is the answer but so few people so few
people understand it and people who have
ridden their horses all relies don't
know about it you must realize that when
the American cowboy came on the scene
after the Civil War in 1865 this is when
the American cowboy was made his day of
youth but at that time there probably
wasn't a cowboy in America who knew what
a lead wasn't a horse a simple thing but
that very same time there were horsemen
in Europe who could general horse
backwards
one of the things that has happened is
that that most people don't know how to
cue off a horse or football they don't
know the benefits of it because they
don't know where Marshalls feet are so
how are you gonna cue off horses which
fall if you don't know where your feet
are and this is the basis you've got to
learn where a horse's feet are
we know that a horse's front foot
strikes the ground it can probably
shoulder nearly under is Muslim we know
that that horse rolls over that rounded
foot and that foot leaves the ground
under our stirrup for the new step so as
it's this simple and you can sit on your
horse and develop a feel for it and it's
the same way with thigh and the hind
strikes the ground under the horses
navel it stays grounded and strangely
enough that foot leaves the ground
behind his tail so it shouldn't be so
hard to figure out and if you walk
quietly with a horse you can know we
also know that we can't do anything with
that horse's foot when it's on the
ground and we can't do anything with
that artists foot when it's in the air
but if we know when that foot leaves the
ground when it departs we can direct
that foot we directed forward faster or
we can direct it laterally from right to
left and it makes it so much easier for
a horse exactly exactly
we're directing that horse which we hit
exactly like you direct your feet if
you're a dad